COVID-19

Introduction

COVID 19 is an infectious disease which started in Wuhan city. Wuhan is located in China.
COVID 19 spread across the world. Due to this many people have lost their lives. Many people are already infected with the disease. A large group of people like migrants lost their savings during the lockdown and they have left no food. Even today we don’t have medication for this pandemic.


Lockdown 

During the lockdown, This pandemic has made us rethink the way we live and the way we study.
Even we are now more careful by wearing a mask and washing hands often.
Teachers are trying their best to teach students. Local businesses are coming more online. People are now ordering more online food items ever than before.

Schools

During this lockdown period schools, colleges and institutes stay closed. Digital access is now like oxygen.
The unavailability of textbooks pushed the publishers to bring more ebooks. Ebooks allows students to study while highlighting text, unhighlight text, zoom in, and zoom outing the ebook. Now there is Massive open online course available in which students can enroll and learn at a different pace.


Technology 

Even A.I is helping in a grouping of containment zones/ Red zones. Information shared at a fast pace. So, we can reduce COVID patients.
As we know the “prevention is better than cure” We need to develop an early warning system from technology like A.I, Weather forecast, and e.t.c. Which will allow us to control the pandemic and climate change in the future or reduce the effect. So, we don't have to suffer as we suffer this year or so.


Healthcare 

Even we have to increase the surge facility extensively in healthcare. So, we can treat more people during the next pandemic whenever it happens. And even enhancing the medical system.
So, we can make the vaccine as soon as possible with collaboration with the world and reach every corner of the world.

Experts say Covid-19 vaccine will be available in 2021

Vaccine


The vaccine is under development, We don't know the exact date when it will be available to the world. When it will be available at a low cost so everyone could afford it or when it will be available in large volume so, it will meet the demand of the covid patients or even. 
When it will reach every one of us.

Experts say the Covid-19 vaccine will be available in 2021...
The Vaccine companies are claiming drastic results without any side effects. These claims are legit or companies are using these claims to make hype only.



Conclusion

I would like to conclude this whenever this kind of pandemic or disaster occurs. We have to be Ready by taking steps today that will make it better tomorrow. Few steps are an Early warning system,
Surge in medical facilities and making upgrades in our current education system. So, learning should not  stopped.
Without missing the big picture. I would like to say this. It also teaches us a lesson to achieve or make your steps towards sustainable development.



Last, I would like to ask a simple question.

Are we ready for the next pandemic?




